I’m going to walk you through the process I took of making $0/hour to $18/hour working from home. All you need are 3 things.

- A stable internet connection.
- A computer (I used a $200US Chromebook)
- A smart phone

This is all I had when I started my journey. Everyone’s journey is going to be different, but I want to lay out a really basic roadmap of things to do to get you from $0 to $10

Month 1 - Presentation

You’ll want to spend your first 30 days using your ingenuity to create your sales material. This could be a resume, a portfolio a website, a video, etc. You’ll want to take the content from that material and use it to setup your UpWork profile. (“How to create a rockstar Upwork profile that attracts clients in droves”)

Everything your preparing is with one goal in mind, getting an interview.

Month 2 - Submit Proposals

Now you have your UpWork profile set up it’s time to submit proposals.

If you don’t have any idea what kind of work you want to do, just start cruising through the job listing and apply to what seems interesting to you. How much should you charge? $1/hour, $10/hour… it doesn’t matter. What matters most at this point is getting a response, getting some tasks and getting paid to do those tasks.

When I first started I thought I wanted to do “social media marketing” so I applying for a job that was looking for a “social media ninja”. One year later I’m more interested in project management and creating sales funnels for real estate investors.

The goal here is to learn about the process of getting someone to give you money to complete a task or tasks.

Month 3 - Learn How to Work Remotely

Working remotely takes a lot more than just a desk, a computer and an internet connection. You’re going to have to learn how to:

manage yourself (set hours, prioritize tasks, track work)
collaborate with others video chat tools, project management tools and video chats
communicate, communicate, communicate!
You should be constantly researching new tools and better ways to do things. You want to become a bastion of information for the people who hire you.

Month 4 - Focus on a Skillset

What are you doing now? Building websites? Writing sales copy? Managing social media account? Managing ad accounts? Whatever your doing, invest in learning. If you have the money, buy some courses. If you don’t have the money, read articles, watch YouTube videos, go to the library. Just keep educating yourself around the projects your working on.

Month 5 - Over Deliver

Don’t think about how much you SHOULD be getting paid. Work that $5/hour job like they’re paying $100/hour. Put in extra hours that you don’t get paid for (it’s investing in yourself with learning).

Month 6 - Get that Raise

Hopefully over the last 6 months you found a guy that has endless tasks and a budget to pay someone else to get them done. You’ve proven to them that you’re always ready to take on a challenge and you get things done. They know they can rely on you for anything and that if you have questions or problems you’ll try to answer them yourself before bothering them. They trust you and you’re a valuable member of the team.

Wherever you are now, $5/hour or $25/hour, you’re on the path. Just keep grinding, learning and staying focused!
